# Count down 242

I have so many things I want to say. Where to even begin. Well, I suppose I can start by saying that I am starting over. To the outside, this is my latest "Hello World". But the changes have been happening underneath the surface. This post is simply the tip of the ice berg. If you know me, then this shouldn't be a surprise. I have been learning how to code for 12 years now. What I have discovered is that it is hard to write right. There are so many moving parts. They had it easy when it was quill and ink.

Computers process data and data must be communicated, and cummunciation is difficult. My focus has been on the processes, systems, tools, and practices to enable me to communicate clearly without the help of a translotor. Translators include: social networks, magic tools, and consumer friendly products. I spend my time learning how the sausage is made. That gives me the freedom to be okay with tyops. Because I have bigger fish to fry.

I'm turning 42 in 27 days. No matter how much I want life to be perfect before I live it, here it is. And so I accept that life is to be lived one day at a time. So much of what this life is all about is discovery. Discovery is practice, patience, and perserverance over time.

Remember that part in the Matrix where Neo learns he's the 6th version? Well, this post is my 10th version. I have detected my pattern of progress. The list includes:

1. Blogger (personal & afterburners)
2. social media (myspace, facebook, twitter, dribbble, youtube, linkedin)
3. dave.woodalls.me blog (rails app)
4. wwwoodall boulder (middlleman)
5. fakefarm v1 (javascript experiments)
6. davewoodalls.me notes (index.html)
7. blogger v2 (4D intro blogging)
8. Glitch (social coding)
9. issue 0 (4D blogging by hand)

And now here we are...

Number 10.

My focus here is systems improvements. I am hoping this time, this one will scale. All the previous versions failed for various reasons. I'm optiomistic about number 10.

Here's a list of the system improvements:

- build off previous issue
- use html
- use ruby
- use scripting
- use config hashes
- reduce duplication
- write in markdown (instead of html)
- introduce a functional css library
- introduce github flow w/ multiple repos
- introduce build step
- introduce erb
- introduce javascript, maybe?


Jun 10, 2019

- Dadzoo.com