# Mike,

Things are going well. Thanks for checking in.

I am reading a book called [_Deep Work_](https://www.amazon.com/Deep-Work-Focused-Success-Distracted/dp/1455586692) and I didn't expect to enjoy it as much as I have. It has been very timely in establishing new habits and priorities. The reason I bring that is for two reasons;

First, I want to explain the lack of activity on iMessage. I have gone to the extent of removing it from my devices. Rather than the practice of turning off do not disturb. I need to sit in front of a computer and not have to mute distractions. Rather, I will log into iMessage and check it as needed. I noticed a few days ago you write and this is my reply.

Second, you'll notice that my reply is in this format. It is a combination of my preferred writing method in [iAWriter](http://www.iawriter.net) as well as my attempt to converge my skills with my lifestyle. I know websites and I want to do website work as much as possible. The more I write code, the more natural it comes. This is my latest project. I am thinking it will be a combination of letters and journal posts I have been using the personal hashtag **life2** to label the many activities I've been engaged in. As I put my life together, I am thinking about the various pieces. I am aspiring to live the tortoise pace in the rat race. This communication medium is one of the examples. I figure that nothing here is secret or private that I'm sharing with you. But if it was, I can easily add a password for your eyes only. So, I am thinking this will be the way I write for the foreseeable future when it comes to long form like this.

I am still waiting for my divorce to finalize. Unfortunately, it isn't official yet so today is my 15th wedding anniversary. It's not a milestone I was hoping to achieve. But here I am.

I did notice that you have been doing some work on the ancestry stuff. Nice work. Wish we had more information passed down to us from the ones who are to love us the most.

How's your job search going? I'm still in early stages.

## Outline
- [ ] checking in
- [ ] deep work
- [ ] this page
- [ ] ancestry
- [ ] life2
- [ ] I got a new email address
- [ ] going to retire dmwoodall, woodalls.me
- [ ] when you hit reply (email hello@davewoodall.com)
- [ ] been starting self portorates